Michael safe
okay mixed up that is Robin you saying
I'll be there Frankie said I didn't
really believe their performance I know
you're capable of much more and leaving
New Zealand idol tonight is Robin it's
ever look a good time on the show every
second I speed in this head space
together now I'm done waiting for
inspiration I'm gonna go find it take it
apart and put it back together again the
way I should have been the first place
the city is my play / my distractions
night confessions I'm done fixing a
broken huh let me thank you later I
needed help at the last who I really am
music is my Dominion
this this energy inside me estimate the
scheme's reason is bigger than me
something's changing and I'm not kidding
I'm ready hey Charlotte take a seat kick
your feet up we we got the week off
street sweeper swing up
that is the fact that you got shat ever
love
here is what you want tonight a fantasy
to life so just what you want tonight
change